Are these things sincere enough?
This is the betrothal gift I gave to your Bai family
Do you like it? Thank you.
Yo, is this a real antique?
It's priceless.
You see?
It's a rare sight on the market
Hmm, what else do you have to say now?
This kid
Could it really be an Internet cafe side by side?
This unattractive dress
It doesn't look like it.
Fake impossible
Must be fake
He can't be the king side by side
The evidence was there.
What do you suspect?
Side by side for thousands of miles
I'm waiting to welcome the prince
Hahahaha
Ridiculous really ridiculous
Thank you for coming.
Unexpectedly, the dignified Bai family kitchen
Sometimes you get teased.